Basic swap contract (#42)
tqtezos/minter-sdk: contracts/ligo/src/swaps/README.md

A `swap_info` type represents all the full information stored about a single swap.

```ocaml
type swap_info =
  [@layout:comb]
  { swap_offer : swap_offer
  ; seller : address
  }
```

#### Storage

Entries in storage include:
* `%swaps : (swap_id ,swap_info) big_map` with all the swaps.

### Entrypoints

Notes:
* By *transfer* (in the context of FA2 tokens) we mean "performing a zero-xtz transaction that invokes FA2 `transfer` entrypoint".
* Entrypoints that perform FA2 transfer may throw the respective errors enlisted in [FA2 interface](https://gitlab.com/tzip/tzip/-/blob/master/proposals/tzip-12/tzip-12.md#error-handling).

#### %start

```ocaml
| Start of swap_offer
```

Proposes an exchange.

This transfers the `assets_offered` tokens from the `sender` to our contract (thus assuming that our contract has been made an operator of the sender's tokens).

The swap will have `Open` state, and its `seller` will be initialized to the current `sender`.

The contract automatically assigns a `swap_id` (basing on an auto-incrementing counter) to the swap. We assume that it is the caller's responsibility to extract and record the `swap_id`, it will be available in the applied operation.

> In case if some of `assets_offered.fa2_address` refers to an invalid FA2 contract (not originated or without `transfer` entrypoint), `SWAP_OFFERED_FA2_INVALID` is raised.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case some of `assets_offered.fa2_address` refer to an invalid FA2 contract (not originated or without `transfer` entrypoint), `SWAP_OFFERED_FA2_INVALID` is raised.
```
seems more correct

> In case if tokens transfer from `sender` to our contract fails (due to lack of tokens or other issues), the respective FA2 error is propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case any token transfer from `sender` to our contract fails (due to lack of tokens or other issues), the respective FA2 error is propagated.
```

`assets_requested` is not validated and must be checked by the client for a better UX.

We do not check whether any assets list is empty on purpose.

#### %cancel

```ocaml
| Cancel of swap_id
```

Marks the swap as canceled and returns the tokens to the `seller`. Further operations with this swap won't be possible.

Can be called only by the `seller`, otherwise `NOT_SWAP_SELLER` error is raised.

The swap gets removed from big_map, any further operation for this swap will raise `SWAP_NOT_EXIST`.

#### %accept

```ocaml
| Accept of swap_id
```

This
1. Transfers the offered assets from our contract to the `sender`;
2. Transfers the requested assets from the `sender` to the `seller`.

Marks the swap as finished by the current `sender`. Further operations with this swap won't be possible.

This can be called by *any* address.

The swap gets removed from big_map, any further operation for this swap will raise `SWAP_NOT_EXIST`.

> In case if some of `assets_requested.fa2_address` refers to an invalid FA2 contract (not originated or without `transfer` entrypoint), `SWAP_REQUESTED_FA2_INVALID` is raised. This error normally should not happen, as the client is supposed to validate `assets_requested` on swap start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case some of `assets_requested.fa2_address` refer to an invalid FA2 contract (not originated or without `transfer` entrypoint), `SWAP_REQUESTED_FA2_INVALID` is raised. This error normally should not happen, as the client is supposed to validate `assets_requested` on swap start.
```
same here

> In case if any tokens transfer mentioned above fails (due to lack of tokens or other issues), the respective FA2 error is propagated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case any tokens transfer mentioned above fails (due to lack of tokens or other issues), the respective FA2 error is propagated.
```

# Swaps contract

This contract allows a participant to offer FA2 tokens exchange that another participant can accept.

Specification: https://hackmd.io/iArxW3FyR_e85JNPYvuQhQ.

In case you are implementing a client for this contract, please see

> "Notes to middleware implementors" section in the spec mentioned above.

Reviewer: Even tho the contract is attached I'd put a `Makefile` in this dir as well to generate it.
I think it would be quite useful and it should be mentioned in this README as well.

I suggest to also add a target for the storage using `init_storage` and `ligo`'s `compile_storage`.
Note: this being very simple perhaps we should just output the result to stdout, what do you think?

Author: Oh, that's a really good idea, taking into account that I now own a separate folder, it's worth adding a Makefile.

Yep, and storage is also worth printing, stdout really seems just fine.

Author: Hmmm, it looks like most of the `ligo` commands except for `compile-contract` do not work when `#include` is used, great. Is it fine if I do not export the initial storage here?

Reviewer 2: There is a caveat because you run LIGO in a docker container and mount the volumes.
Your work directory (the one used to invoke LIGO from) has to be a parent to all directories that contain your source code.
I. e. if the contract includes some file from one of the parents directory: `#include "../.<somefile>"`, you cannot invoke LIGO from the same directory where that contract code is.

Author: Oh, looks like mixed up some things, I meant to say `#import`, not `#include`.

Currently, I'm using just a static Linux binary. Everything really works well if my contract uses only `#include` pragma, but for `#import` there seem to be several bugs yet, probably this is just one of them.
